[WHEEZE]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Make yourself
really comfortable now.
You can keep your eyes
open for a minute and sort
of look upwards,
but you don't have
to look at anything special.
I'll count downwards
from 10 to 1,
and you can just blink your eyes
slowly, like in a slow motion
with every number.
10, that's right, just
blink really slowly.
9, 8, 7, 6, 5, blinking with
every number, 4, 3, 2, and 1.
Now you can close your
eyes, and keep them close,
and I'll tell you
why we did that.
That was just to
relax your eyelids.
And right now in
your eyelids, you
might notice a tired feeling,
a pleasant feeling, or a sort
of comfortable, heavy feeling.
You can pretend that this
heavy or tight feeling
is spreading out and going
to other parts of your body.
See if you can imagine
the feeling going
to your face and your head
to your arms and hands,
to your chest and your back,
then down through your legs
and feet, even all the way
out to the tips of your toes.
And soon, you may begin
to feel heavy or light,
but heavy or light
in a nice way,
and that's what
being relaxed means.
You don't have to
do anything at all.
You can hear my voice,
but you don't really
have to listen to it.
You can hear my voice,
but at the same time
you could be doing other
things like quietly
playing in your mind.
It really doesn't
matter as long as you're
resting and comfortable
with your eyes shut.
Maybe you find yourself
drifting into a nice sleep
as you listen to the
sound of my voice,
and my voice can even become
part of the background
at times, fading in
and out as dreams
come dancing before your eyes.
Perhaps you can imagine
yourself playing safely
on a lovely sandy beach,
running in the sunshine
after a beach ball, building
sandcastles, or searching
for shells and
fossils, or maybe even
baby crabs in the rock holes.
It's a beautiful warm
day but not too hot
because there are one or two
white fluffy clouds in the sky.
And if you were to look
carefully at those clouds,
you'd be able to imagine
certain shapes forming, perhaps
the figure of someone lying
down just as you do in bed
when you're ready for sleep.
Or they could look like
a pair of giant eagles
keeping guard of the sea or
anything you want them to be.
If you're making
castles in the sand,
you may notice that sand
getting cooler as you dig down.
And the more you
dig down, the cooler
it all gets deeper
and deeper down.
And maybe there are
friends around you,
or perhaps you have a very
special friend from school
who you'd like to play with,
or a cousin, or brother,
or sister.
Whoever you want to
be with you is there,
almost as if by magic.
Perhaps you're paddling in
the shallow part of the sea,
taking care as you do.
Splashing, and laughing,
and playing, having fun
with your friends.
You can even taste the
salt in the sea air
and feel that gentle breeze
on your skin and your hair,
and it's so nice and fresh.
You feel so happy that you
want to tell your friends how
you feel, and it feels so good
to be alive just to be you
because you're a
very special person
and your life is
surrounded by love.
As you play in the
water, run on the sand,
or whatever you're
doing, you can
hear the sound of the waves
going back and forth, back
and forth, back and forth.
And you're aware of
your breathing slowly
and rhythmically,
in and out, just
like those waves in the ocean.
The warm sand feels
good on your feet,
and you like making footprints
in the sand, especially
those parts that have
not been trodden on yet.
And you enjoy the feeling
of your feet sinking deep,
deep down in the sand.
Now take in a long deep breath,
and you can feel very quiet.
Everything around you becomes
quiet and still and very
safe and secure.
For a few moments, just enjoy
this quiet, safe stillness,
and I'll be quiet too.
And when I start
talking again, you
find yourself feeling even
more comfortable and relaxed.
From now on in, whenever
you go to sleep,
you imagine a big, safe,
protective, and visible bubble
surrounding you.
And it's smooth, and
round, clear, and airy.
So when you're in
your bed at night,
your protective
bubble is all around
you, all around your bed, or
wherever you may be sleeping.
You're safe and secure.
And I'd like you to give
this bubble a color,
perhaps it's your favorite
color or multiple colors.
Maybe it has a pattern or
texture that you love on it.
Maybe you decide
to give it a name.
And this is a very
special bubble.
Only you can see it, and it
doesn't allow any bad thoughts
or bad dreams to enter it.
Once you're in your bed
and you close your eyes,
you now visualize, imagine
your protective bubble
all around you, and you
know nothing bad can happen
to you inside your bubble.
You're perfectly safe, and only
good dreams and good thoughts
happen here.
You know the bubble is made
of really strong material
when nothing bad
can get through,
no negative thoughts, no bad
people or things to scare you.
Only you have the power to
walk in and out of the bubble.
As darkness comes, you start
to feel safe and secure,
knowing that soon you'll
be inside your bubble
safe and protected.
You're no longer
concerned about darkness.
You like it when it's dark
outside because it means
you'll sleep better, and you
know that a good night's sleep
makes you feel rested
with more energy
to do the things you
want to do the next day.
You know your family and
friends are all safe.
They're either downstairs
or in another room.
Or perhaps they're
out and you're
with grandparents, or other
family members, or friends.
Wherever your
family is, you know
that they are adults
who love you very much
and will always protect
you at night and keep you
and themselves safe and well.
And you take another
deep breath in
and relax, knowing that
all is well in your world.
You rest easily knowing
that everything is perfect
and just as it should be.
And whilst you're
inside this bubble
tucked up ready to
sleep, your head
becomes full of
lovely happy thoughts,
thinking of good things
that may have happened
to you during the day
or the week, nice things
that you've done with
your family or friends,
or simply remembering beautiful
things you have seen or heard.
Perhaps you did something
fun which made you smile
or you remember a time
you laughed really hard
and you couldn't stop.
Or maybe you remember times
with friends that you enjoy.
Inside your safe,
protective bubble,
you feel happiness and
only happy thoughts.
All those bad thoughts get
sucked out by the bubble
before they have time to
worry you or make you anxious,
leaving only good
things to think about.
You have no time for
bad thoughts anymore.
You realize that there's
no point in having them.
So you let them go.
You push them out
of your bubble,
preferring to think about good
things that make you smile now.
Your imagination is
strong inside the bubble,
and you become more
creative, making up things
to think and dream about,
only happy positive things,
letting your mind play
out ideas like you
were a writer of a
new movie or new book.
Perhaps you think about your
favorite movie or favorite book
and how you'd adapt it
to make it even better.
Or you may even think about a
new film or book from scratch
or from the beginning.
Maybe you like to
imagine yourself
building something
in your dreams,
or drawing, or
creating something.
This is your special time
to be creative to use
your imagination and do anything
that inspires and excites you.
Maybe you like to go on
adventures in your dreams.
Imagine yourself going
to faraway countries,
visiting places
you've heard about
and imagining what
they might be like.
You could be a champion horse
rider, underwater swimmer,
the fastest racing driver.
You can be anything you
want to be when you sleep.
And you realize now that you're
in control of your thinking,
in control of your dreams as the
bubble acts like a time machine
transporting you to
new places, allowing
you to go anywhere you desire,
be anything you want to be,
all the time feeling
free and safe.
You love going to
bed at night now
and you love going
to sleep, and you
fall asleep easily and quickly.
You feel excited about the
adventures and the good dreams
you're going to have.
When you fall asleep,
you sleep all night
without waking up in the night.
You close your eyes and wake
up in the morning at the time
you need to wake up.
And when you sleep, you're
on too many adventures,
doing too many brilliant
things to wake up too soon.
And you much prefer
to have a long sleep.
And if you do wake
up in the night,
you simply remember your
protective bubble is all around
you, and you easily
and gently go back
to sleep and back to your
exciting adventure or dream.
And you're grateful for
your protective bubble that
brings you happiness and joy.
Each and every day, you
feel happier, more calm,
more positive about life,
knowing that you're always safe
and that bedtime is a safe place
where good things happen now.
And each time you
listen to this audio,
all those thoughts become more
and more powerful in your mind.
And you find it more and more
easy to drift off to sleep,
knowing that you're
safe and secure.
And if you're asleep, you can
allow your body to gently stay
in that lovely relaxed state.
But if you're ready to awaken,
I'm going to count from 1 to 5.
And at the count to 5, you
can allow your eyes to open,
and you will be feeling
refreshed and alert, positive
about bedtime, bringing back
with your little wonderful new
feelings.
Coming back now with
1, 2, 3, 4, and 5.
Eyes open if you're ready.